Docs c z apply sentence style caps add term refs (#29892)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/authentication.markdown

This will allow you to open Home Assistant at `http://homeassistant.home:8123/`

### Stuck on loading data

> Some ad blocking software, such as Wipr, also blocks web sockets. If you're stuck on the Loading data screen, try disabling your ad blocker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some ad blocking software, such as Wipr, also blocks WebSockets. If you're stuck on the Loading data screen, try disabling your ad blocker.
```
<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API>
